c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\RemoveHashTag.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\RemoveHashTag.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\RemoveHashTag.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\obj\Debug\RemoveHashTag.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\obj\Debug\RemoveHashTag.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemoveHashTag\RemoveHashTag\obj\Debug\RemoveHashTag.pdb
